What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	Git create metadata of the files in the repository, in order to save the history of the files, if it does not, git do not advertise the existence of that directorie and do not create a metadata.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	"Staging area" offers a pre area where we can select the files that we can fit in a commit, unlike a working directory, staging area is not a physical area.
	Staging area offers us more flexibility at the time of making a commit, thanks to stagin area, we can configure our commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Staging area allow me decide what file I am going to commited, in that way I can separate the commits by logical differences.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	I think that a "branche" is helpful when we do a different version of our project, this different version have to change significatly the aparence and/or the behavior of our project, could be a different lenguage version, or a experimental version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Diagrams help me to take a complete look of the project, allows me to know the heritage.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches result in mixing two versions of our project, in the diagram, that represent an union beetwen master branch and the a secundary branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	One advantage of automatic merge, is the time, you can't spend many minutes to make a merge, but the advantage of manually merge is that you can review the merge, and because of that the merge will have more posibilityes of be that we spect. 