How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

When I see the differences between an old version that I know it works, and a new version with some bug, is easier found that bug, especially typo bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I think, with a repository. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually choosing implies more job, that mean less eficiency.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think is because, git is special for developing software area, and google docs is for general use. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With the command "diff" I can check he differences between two files. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    There are one principal reason, a version control allows us to have a back of ours files, if I decide make a change, I would have the confidence of can return to the old version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like, try to make a version control with a small project of software.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Having all history of my files, will allow me to re use some of my
	software, saving many time.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Doing the commits manually, allows make quality commits, with logic and enough description annotations.
	The bad thing, if you don't have experience and/or discipline, is easy forget do the commits. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because in software area is common to have many related files, and as it is a software specialized tool, git allows that kind of saving multi files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	Git log shows all the commits of the project, also shows the date, and in some cases notes about that commit. Git diff allows see the differences between two files. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	With a version control tool, is safer to make changes to a program, because, I will always have a backup of the files, also, a version control program has many tools that allows find bugs, and compare the differents versions of a file.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	mmm... maybe some modification at the game of asteroids, and make a commit of that modification.